>> Mike North: So the second thing
is a little bit more interesting,
that is something called a VAPID key.
VAPID stands for Voluntary
Application Server Identification for
Web Push, this is not so much encryption,
it's just identification.
And the idea is that you
generate some keys, and
the public key is part of
your app that you ship and
the private key is part of what you use to
send messages to this web push service.
And it serves to really ensure
that this came from your server.
Now it's voluntary, you do not have to
use it but it's a good idea to use it.
You're a good citizen developer for
doing this.
The main benefit is that the push
service itself can identify
traffic coming into it, and
so it's a way that it can
kinda mitigate or
more easily detect DDoS attacks.
So if you identify yourself, your
traffic is not going to be confused for
other things, and they know exactly
who they will shut down, right?
So if there's an issue,
they're likely to let the identified
traffic continue as usual, and sort of
throttle down the unidentified traffic
cuz that could potentially be malicious.
So here's a function that you need,
you'll need this for
the exercise, it's basically
gonna take that VAPID key and
turn it into a form that
this library can consume.
Just copy and paste it, and use it when
we have these subscribe options, right?
So we need to have this in a form where
it is an eight bit integer array and
currently it's a Base 64 string and
this puts it in the right format.
So and we don't have this function
available to us as part of
the service worker platform but
we can use it by copying and pasting.
So the way you generate a pair of
VAPID keys is possible with this web
push library that's already installed.
You should already have VAPID keys in
your private folder in the project, there
should be a little JSON file in there
called, I think it's just vapid.json.
And public key goes to the browser,
private key is part of the little Node.js
thing that's gonna be
sending the notifications.